welcome to Puff Daddy reef this is the
four-month update of my innovative
marine nouveau eight gallon aquarium the
aquariums doing great the water
parameters are pretty stable the enemy's
doing well still has a lot of bubbles
the clownfish have not begun hosting yet
but they seem to get along just fine
with each other and as you can see there
there is a giant massive pulsing zinnia
and it has absolutely taken over my rock
work it's growing like a weed at first I
thought this was a good thing but now
I'm getting quite annoyed with it so
I've harvested a bunch of it and set it
down on some rubble on the right side of
the tank and I'm waiting for that to
attach and then I'm going to export all
that try to sell that off or give it to
other people and then I'm gonna pluck
all the postings any off the rock again
drop it down on some rubble let it
attach and try to sell it so I might end
up with a pulsing zinnia factory in this
little 8 gallon tank the conditions seem
to be just perfect for it
the water is a little dirtier than my
normal SPS tanks just because there's no
refugium a lot less water volume you
know heavy violet for such a small
volume and yeah so it's it's perfect
also I think they just love the Tesla
LED light I like it i plug it in and
turn it in and the spectrum just looks
perfect it is the standard ocean blue
color and I like it a lot I wouldn't go
deep blue that would be just too blue
and sky blue may be fine for a lot of
people's tastes as well the other corals
are still doing well but a lot of places
they're covered up by the zinnia so I
really need to spend some more time
maintaining this and trimming it back
I've actually removed all the zinnia
from my SPS frag tank back home one of
the users had some questions that I'd
like to address one of their questions
was in the comment section was the
number of fish that you can keep in this
tank I would say if it's something like
clownfish to max really they need to be
maybe in a 16 gallon
but when they're small that doesn't
matter as much which we when they grow
it may think I'm moving them somewhere
else I'm putting something else in there
but you're really talking about two to
three fish and a small nano tank like
this doesn't seem like a lot but it is
it is if they're in such a small space
and it's still great having them around
so that is my current status of the tank
I've done a couple of modifications I'll
show you
I've 3d printed a little mount for the
pH and temperature probes I've also
added a new auto top off this is just a
flipped switch version and first why
it's going great so once again thank you
for watching Puff Daddy reef please like
and subscribe